okay we caught up with Roman Karma's on
here in Montebello woman just fought on
saturday night at playboy I wanted to
congratulate him on his victory number 1
i'm personally it was ideally Padre
mistake you support of Playboy Mansion
Bathsheba thank you thank you he's
thanking you for congratulations tell us
about the fire I was able to stop by
knock them out
what were your thoughts coming out
valdosta assume we got really able to
truly Boyka Keeble us tearing it away oh
yeah mini Ali McGraw thousand with the
group were separating but amid the
bottom sanji ocean to show well he said
that it was very hard for him to get
ready for the fight because fight was
cancelled couple of times they canceled
quite a few times so here you know he's
gonna fight or not so he was getting
raided and he was told that fight is not
going to happen then he was told that he
is gonna fight things like that so it
was not easy for him to get ready for
the fight yeah Bogota really nice
gesture presenter stubborn
written by a dozen boo turn around
allocation boys you should be
professional
he says that's what make it I made it
hard for him to get ready hundred
percent because you know if he's gonna
fight or not he did not let him get
hundred percent radio that's why he
didn't finish that fight early but
Romans a champion and he's got the
champions are so he took care of
business that night he said that which
of you on used to stood feature with
Dustin really boy a sprightly sylvanian
edition Babu anniversary believe you
negaunee he says that he missed one
punch and he is not happy about that he
he thinks that shook about it when she
made a mistake and he says that it's
unacceptable cooking sometimes the
champions are the wrong worth critics he
came out with a victory and that's the
most important part and he's the
opposition doing it you would see that
what you see that no we could easily
petition at the sama wash my a mother he
says that's true
talk about the middleweights for just a
minute got to middleweight champion
Abraham and havoc and they're talking
about fighting guys really don't aren't
all the way up there Sergio Mora think
it was good but he's not a champion and
Arthur Abraham's may be talking about
finding voter fern forest a smaller guy
I got a magic Roma would like to get in
there it would either pavic or Abraham
Minister almec ideal visit bus by use
public come in the territorial no in the
opinion he says that he wants to fight
with them as well but unfortunately it's
not his decision yeah yeah yeahs visual
acuity with vegetable drew go yeah yeah
yummy
ebis tree he says that he thinks it has
an advantage and he knows how to fly
them how to win both fighters but again
unfortunately that's not his decision he
cannot make this decision if somebody
will make their heaven then he will
definitely find them but again it's not
up to him but he he wants to fight both
of them Abraham's talking about coming
here and fighting in America soon and he
hasn't mentioned a name and I'm hoping
that his name is the name that gets
mentioned we discovered him to the
rights of a person you study drugs and
only show Nina's hope indeed others like
a own idea touch though indeed Allamuchy
with my book begorrah he says that he is
more than happy to fight with him and
that's the case he's ready he's ready to
go
HD feeling about a month ago I told you
can double get bored
a lot of people say that tiger in walks
you the way a lot of people say that
Roman should win the fight if he fights
with him but Roman says that
the fight can only show if that's the
case he does know how to fight the guy
but the fight will show if they have
Robin I want to thank you because you're
always so nice to us we're really happy
you train down here in Southern
California so it's always a pleasure to
you I'm google it was a total serene
Andrews renewed not noisy societies
valatie catalytic attributes that was
interviewee motion period indeed it was
California thank you okay